# Ou est Charlie ? (where is Charlie ?)
## The challenge of the "nuit de l'informatique 2023" competition is to find Charlie where he is. This challenge is proposed by Capgemini. 
##### To describe my project I use the CAR method (C : Chalenge , A : Action , R : Result)
###### C : So the challenge is to develop an application that finds Charlie's image and integrates the Defy Global of Climate Crisis . The defi Based on software solution of the main topic of the "nuit de l'info", the mission will be to hide in the HMI an image of Charlie, so that we look for it. Stimulate creativity, be imaginative a way of hiding this image but above all, we must be able to find it within 5 minutes (+ or - 15 seconds)...
###### A :To begin with, I talked with my team about the idea of this challenge and how we can create something unique. I realized that I require someone to collaborate with me in designing and preparing the project's rapport and descriptions.  Our decision was to create a web application that takes 4 steps to find Charlie.  So the user should find the icons by playing the 3 steps to be able to play the final game (Memory Game) . The initial game is a QCM example that aims to generate global data for a solution to save the planet so the first game makes you the icons of electric car, bicycle, sunpower, ..  . , The second game is similar to the hangman game. You need to find the correct word to open the icons about the recycler. The third game is a muzzle game designed to identify the most effective ways to conserve trees. The objective of this game is to discover the icons water, trees, and healthy trees . Finally, the game is a memory game when you win the image of Charlie printed on the screen by mizzle printing.
###### R : My satisfaction was based on the results, and I gained more experience by working with a team .
